USA/Texas/Austin.md, before:

# Austin

## Transport

[Capital Metro 100](http://www.capmetro.org/riding/current_schedules/MAPS/RT100_SB.PDF) is 1USD from AUS to downtown.

## Accommodation

* [The Red House](http://reservations.vacationrentaldesk.com/TheRedHouse/listing.html)

## Dining

* [La Condesa](http://lacondesaaustin.com/)
* [Lambert's](http://lambertsaustin.com/)
* [The Mighty Cone](http://www.mightycone.com/)
* [Peche](http://www.pecheaustin.com/)
* [The Shady Grove](http://www.theshadygrove.com/)
* [South Congress Cafe](http://www.southcongresscafe.com/)

## Drinking

* [Buffalo Billiards](http://www.buffalobilliards.com/)
* [Kung Fu Saloon](http://kungfusaloon.com/)
* [The Shady Grove](http://www.theshadygrove.com/) - *7.95USD Texas Martini*

## Activities

* ~~[Congress Avenue Bridge Bats](http://www.batcon.org/index.php/get-involved/visit-a-bat-location/congress-avenue-bridge/subcategory/51.html)~~

## [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/dylane/sets/72157629554029370/)

![](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7088/7110116083_533c746695_m.jpg)
![](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7184/7111168115_619b54de7a_m.jpg)
![](http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8150/6958062596_7465e86b99_m.jpg)

Commit message:

updated bus info from airport to downtown

USA/Texas/Austin.md, after:

# Austin

## Transport

[100-MetroAirport](https://www.capmetro.org/schedmap/?svc=0&f1=100&s=0&d=N) also known as the 100-Airport Flyer is 1.25USD from AUS to downtown.

## Accommodation

* [The Red House](http://reservations.vacationrentaldesk.com/TheRedHouse/listing.html)

## Dining

* [La Condesa](http://lacondesaaustin.com/)
* [Lambert's](http://lambertsaustin.com/)
* [The Mighty Cone](http://www.mightycone.com/)
* [Peche](http://www.pecheaustin.com/)
* [The Shady Grove](http://www.theshadygrove.com/)
* [South Congress Cafe](http://www.southcongresscafe.com/)

## Drinking

* [Buffalo Billiards](http://www.buffalobilliards.com/)
* [Kung Fu Saloon](http://kungfusaloon.com/)
* [The Shady Grove](http://www.theshadygrove.com/) - *7.95USD Texas Martini*

## Activities

* ~~[Congress Avenue Bridge Bats](http://www.batcon.org/index.php/get-involved/visit-a-bat-location/congress-avenue-bridge/subcategory/51.html)~~

## [Photos](http://www.flickr.com/photos/dylane/sets/72157629554029370/)

![](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7088/7110116083_533c746695_m.jpg)
![](http://farm8.staticflickr.com/7184/7111168115_619b54de7a_m.jpg)
![](http://farm9.staticflickr.com/8150/6958062596_7465e86b99_m.jpg)
